#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.4
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
bleach==6.0.0
    # via readme-renderer
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==7.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==40.0.2
    # via secretstorage
django==3.2.19
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
doc8==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
drf-yasg==1.21.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.6.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via keyring
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jaraco-classes==3.2.3
    # via keyring
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
keyring==23.13.1
    # via twine
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==9.1.0
    # via jaraco-classes
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pbr==5.11.1
    # via stevedore
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via twine
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.13.3
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pytest==7.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
readme-renderer==37.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   twine
requests==2.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==13.3.5
    # via twine
ruamel-yaml==0.17.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
six==1.16.0
    # via bleach
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
sphinx-book-theme==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via doc8
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   doc8
    #   pytest
twine==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   rich
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   twine
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
